PrincessHolland America LineSeabournCunard
GREGORIO's Account

GREGORIO GAITAN

TRAVEL PLANNERS INTL INC.

View My Account
Change Default Brand
Tour OneSource
Sign Out
Training
Sales & Marketing
Booking Tools
Cunard Answers
Book & Manage Cruises
Cunard Travel Advisor Rates

On occasion some voyages may have a SPACE AVAILABLE promotion for Travel Advisors.  Rates vary per person, per day depending upon the terms and conditions of the promotional fare being offered. In addition, the following generally applies: (again, please check the terms of the promotion being offered).

Third and fourth berth guests pay 50% of the per person rate. Single guests occupying a double occupancy stateroom pay 200% of the per person rate, regardless of category.
All bookings are cruise only. 
Discretionary hotel and dining service charges, and personal expenditures are not included and cannot be purchased. 
Transfers, Hotel Program packages and Shore Excursions can be purchased at the standard rate.
CunardCare® is available for travel Advisors. Appropriate premium and all standard coverage apply. 
No commission payable (Inc. 3rd/4th persons). 
Holiday sailings may be excluded from reduced rate travel.

 

You are not required to have one booking under deposit with Cunard during the past 12 months in order to sail at a reduced rate.

In order to make a booking, contact Cunard customer service at 1 800 528-6273.

 

IATAN card, CLIA membership card or NACOA list must be provided at cruise check-in, along with a picture I.D.  If this information is not provided, we will advise the guest that we must charge the applicable standard, non-reduced rate to their credit card.  The charge can later be charged-back after verification is provided.  It will be the responsibility of the pier staff to advise Dispatch that verification was not provided and that the passenger has been advised that the standard, non-reduced rate applies until verification can be provided.

 

All stateroom assignments are final. Reservations, Pier Check-In or Vessel Management will not accommodate stateroom change requests.

 

Normal cancellation policies and procedures will apply.

 

Travel Advisor bookings including Pre/Post Hotel Packages or Transfers must be paid at time of booking. If a travel advisor is unable to pay for a booking at the time a booking is made, then they must call back and book when they are able to apply payment in full. 

 

View 2026 Travel Agent Fares

Learn more

OneSource Chat

Answers

Find Your Rep

Contact Us

Booking Tools
Book & Manage Cruises
Book & Manage Flights
Self Service Forms
Cunard Travel Advisor Rates
Sales Reports
Deals & Limited Time Offers
Cunard Deals
Limited Time Offers
Sales Programs & Benefits
Cunard World Club
Group Sales
Military Benefits
Agency Cruise Sales
Onboard Future Cruise Sales
Travel Professional Reference Guide
Cunard Upgrade
Ships & Onboard
Onboard Experience
Deck Plans
Ship Information
Marketing Materials
Browse Brochures & More
Photos, Videos & More
Destinations
Brand Guidelines & Logos
Meet Our Guests
Co-op Marketing
What Do They Say About Us
EmbarQ magazine
Training
Cunard Academy
Cunard Newsletters
Cunard Webinars
Ship Tours
Terms & Conditions
Site Requirements
Princess.com
Hollandamerica.com
Seabourn.com
Cunard.com

© 2026 Princess Cruise Lines, Ltd. Ships of Bermudan and British registry. © 2026 Holland America Line. © 2026 Seabourn Cruise Line Limited. © 2026 Carnival plc. Ships’ Registry: Bermuda
All Rights Reserved. Site content may not be reproduced without express written permission.

Privacy Notice|Carnival Corporation & plc
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information

Travel Advisor Rates - Onesource